# Annie_Software_Engineer_Task
Thinkerbell Labs Private Limited | Annie Software Engineer Task | Python Command Line Game Design

Python Command Line Game Design 

Design a command line game using Python that has the following 
requirements: 

Game elements – 

 Rabbit (denoted by the character “r” and “R”) 
 Carrot (denoted by the character “c”) 
 Rabbit hole (denoted by the character “O”) 
 Pathway stone (denoted by the character “-”) 

Game story Our friendly neighbourhood rabbit, Mr. Bunny wants to 
gather carrots from the yard and take them back to his humble 
abode. He needs your help in picking up the carrots from the yard 
and dropping them in his rabbit hole. 

Game design The task includes three aspects: 

1. Random map generator :- 

Generate a 2D map of more than or equal to 100 characters(based 
on user input) such that it contains – 

 1 Rabbit 
 More than 1 Carrot (user input) 
 More than 1 Rabbit Hole (user input) 
 Rest Pathway stones such that they are placed randomly every 
time we hit the enter key. 

Display this on the command line. 

2. The game :- 

 Build capabilities to move the rabbit (from his initial random 
position as generated by the random map generator) left, right, 
up, down or diagonally using the “a”, “d”, “w”, “s” and 
combination of these four keys(for diagonal movement) 
respectively.

 The rabbit cannot move across a carrot. He has to pick it up 
using the “p” key. 

 Once the rabbit picks up the carrot, the character denoting the 
rabbit changes from “r” to “R”. 

 The rabbit cannot move across a rabbit hole. He has to jump 
across by pressing the “j” key. If he is to the right of the hole, 
pressing the jump key will move him to the left of the hole, if he 
is above the hole pressing jump key will move him to below the 
hole vice versa, but not diagonally. 

 Once the rabbit holds the carrot, placing it into a hole can be 
accomplished by positioning itself adjacent to the hole and 
pressing the "p" key. The game concludes as soon as any carrot 
is deposited into any of the holes. 

 The rabbit is limited to holding just a single carrot at any given moment. 

 The entire game map should run on a single grid on the 
command line.

 changing the state of the game should not spawn a new grid 
every time.